Excellent.
By the way, we should remove the first sentence in the last paragraph of this S4 section where we say that our instrument is more accurate than QCM-D.
As I sort of mentioned in one of the earlier emails, there are always complexities with some of these comparisons. For example, QCM-D guys would probably try to say "well, we can measure D and delta f at 1f in x seconds, and in the time that they do their measurement, we can repeat our single-shot measurements and signal average. And hence our resolution would increase by the square root of time" etc. Well, folding that type of integration time into estimates would be nice but is usually made difficult because these places usually are not kind enough to give their specific resolution corresponding to a particular integration time that they used to measure their parameters. Furthermore there must be a gray area in there too where they may just talk about their best sampling rate while they are actually sampling, but really the integration time should include not only the sampling time during the decay but the time for the initial driving phase and also the data communication time etc, which drops their effective rate in practice. They probably just give the best resolution and the most pts/sec that they can take, but I suspect that they don't even correspond to the same measurement. These subtleties really complicate some things. So it is better to just avoid a statement that claims one is better than the other. Some simple noise comparisons that you already have in there are fine because they are backed by references (and we can put the blame on them). So removing that one sentence might just do the trick here, especially because you now state clearly that our technique should be applicable to QCM-D as well. If people are really eager to compare these numbers at the deep level, they can start from this and dig deeper and draw their own conclusions.
For the same reason, you should avoid saying that one is better than the other in the response letter as well. It should be enough for the first referee if he can see some of these numbers and the fact that CF increases the signal further while the noise remains the same, and then realize that the technique applies to QCM-D as well.